Just plunger your IT band.
Injuries just mean you are not eating properly. Fuck the doctor, eat a pile of kale and you'll be fine in a week.
To practice running in the rain during a race, find a shower big enough for you, and a friend. Run in place when you're in the shower. Take turns being the front runner, and back runner. Practice drafting. Get real close. Emulate the race. Feel the race.
Shin splints are caused by a lack of HIIT.
To increase your cadence, you need to take shorter steps. A good strategy to force yourself to take shorter steps is to tie your shoe laces together. This will limit your stride length, forcing your cadence to increase!
When you think you're hitting the wall, just imagine you have stumbled upon a massive shuffle pit. That should energize you to carry on.
Cut out all your junk miles. You should be aiming for 45-90 seconds of extremely high intensity exercise once, maybe twice a week. It has the same benefits as a 2 hour long run - the science is all there.
You're going way too fast. You need to be running slow enough that you can tolerate autoerotic asphyxiation whilst conversing with everyone around you. Alternatively doing that whilst being able to sing is a good measure.
Vigorous masturbation is a safe and effective form of cross-training.
After a run, it's a good idea to rub out all the tension from your glutes. Slowly moving your fingers closer to your butthole, until you're ready to be penetrated.
Do it in increments. Start by setting the treadmill at 7 min/mile. Increase the pace by ten seconds each day. In no time, you'll set a new world record.
If you have knee pain, or foot pain, or any pain, just get some minimal shoes. The more minimal the better. Moccasins are ideal, but they have to be made out of real water moccasins.
Lots of bananas.
eat spicy stuff
Should I wear sunscreen? I have to die somehow. So, no.
I've heard of some people wearing a facecloth down there to keep it warm. I'm not a dude, but I always wear underwear under my tights.
Don't worry. A 10k is a tough race and in my humble opinion harder than a marathon.
Most importantly is to run your own race. You are racing yourself and not some talented 10 year old toddler who is overtaking you :)
If you haven't run this distance before. Think about it in min left. Like if you need 40 min for the race and you are already about 30 min in then it is obviously just not 10 min left in the race

